docs: update openid-connect plugin document (#7406)
apache/apisix: docs/en/latest/plugins/openid-connect.md

title: openid-connect
keywords:
  - APISIX
  - API Gateway
  - OpenID Connect
  - OIDC

> description: OpenID Connect allows the client to obtain user information from the identity providers, such as Keycloak, Ory, Okta, Auth0, etc. API Gateway APISIX supports to integrate with the above identity providers to protect your APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: OpenID Connect allows the client to obtain user information from the identity providers, such as Keycloak, Ory Hydra, Okta, Auth0, etc. API Gateway APISIX supports to integrate with the above identity providers to protect your APIs.
```

> description: OpenID Connect (OIDC) is an authentication protocol based on the OAuth 2.0. It allows the client to obtain user information from the identity provider (IdP), e.g., Keycloak, Ory, Okta, Auth0, etc. API Gateway APISIX supports to integrate with the above identity providers to protect your APIs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
description: OpenID Connect (OIDC) is an authentication protocol based on the OAuth 2.0. It allows the client to obtain user information from the identity provider (IdP), e.g., Keycloak, Ory, Okta, Auth0, etc. openid-connect Plugin in APISIX integrates with the above identity providers to protect your APIs.
```

> description: OpenID Connect (OIDC) is an authentication protocol based on the OAuth 2.0. It allows the client to obtain user information from the identity provider (IdP), e.g., Keycloak, Ory, Okta, Auth0, etc. API Gateway APISIX supports to integrate with the above identity providers to protect your APIs.

Reviewer 2: This description should ideally be around 160 characters. I guess that is best in terms of SEO. The license checker fails because the description is too big.

## Description

> [OpenID Connect](https://openid.net/connect/) (OIDC) is an authentication protocol based on the OAuth 2.0. It allows the client to obtain user information from the identity provider (IdP), e.g., Keycloak, Ory, Okta, Auth0, etc. API Gateway Apache APISIX supports to integrate with the above identity providers to protect your APIs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[OpenID Connect](https://openid.net/connect/) (OIDC) is an authentication protocol based on the OAuth 2.0. It allows the client to obtain user information from the identity provider (IdP), e.g., Keycloak, Ory, Okta, Auth0, etc. `openid-connect` Plugin in APISIX integrates with the above identity providers to protect your APIs.
```

> [OpenID Connect](https://openid.net/connect/) (OIDC) is an authentication protocol based on the OAuth 2.0. It allows the client to obtain user information from the identity provider (IdP), e.g., Keycloak, Ory, Okta, Auth0, etc. API Gateway Apache APISIX supports to integrate with the above identity providers to protect your APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[OpenID Connect](https://openid.net/connect/) (OIDC) is an authentication protocol based on the OAuth 2.0. It allows the client to obtain user information from the identity provider (IdP), e.g., Keycloak, Ory Hydra, Okta, Auth0, etc. API Gateway Apache APISIX supports to integrate with the above identity providers to protect your APIs.
```

| set_userinfo_header                  | boolean | False    | true                  |              | When set to true and the UserInfo object is available, sets it in the `X-Userinfo` request header.                       |
| set_refresh_token_header             | boolean | False    | false                 |              | When set to true and a refresh token object is available, sets it in the `X-Refresh-Token` request header.               |

## Scenarios

:::tip

> 1. Tutorial: [Use Keycloak with API Gateway to secure APIs](https://apisix.apache.org/blog/2022/07/06/use-keycloak-with-api-gateway-to-secure-apis/)

Author: I followed the order: Description -> Attributes -> Examples -> Other 🤔 That's why I put it in the `Examples` section.

> 2. Testcases: [openid-connect.t](https://github.com/apache/apisix/blob/master/t/plugin/openid-connect.t)

Author: make sense.
